
Hahahaha! Clibbo, you're crazy for this one! Hahaha!
Yeat,  you put a goat emoji on this one
We  got one or two more after this one too
I'm speaking goat! Baaaaaaa!


Yeah, goat shit, uh, uh, uh
This  that goat shit, yeah, this that goat shit
This  that grab your hoe shit, this that fuck your throat shit
This that smoking dope with Off-White, lookin' like a Pope shit
Baaa,  baaa, baa, wait, hold on, I'm speaking goat (Skrt, skrt, skrt)
We got the Louis so we 'bout to go
I just spent fifteen hundred on Balenci',my toes
We got hidden money, you don't know where it go
I  been sippin' muddy, gotta get rid of this co'
I just dropped fifteen thousand, I bought me a new coat


I got a hundred bands just to rock out a show
I'm not the minute man but I dip and I go
I love her pussy, damn, yeah it never gets old
Hoe, yeah, what 'bout that soap?
Hoe, yeah, what 'bout that soap?
Yeah, yeah, what 'bout that pole?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, what 'bout that dope?
Huh, huh, huh? I keep on sinning, I know I forget it
The way that switch it, you thought it's a pick
Boy your music is ass, all I'm hearing is crickets
The Hi-Tech I'm sipping and it's very sticky
I do what I say and you better not forget it
Baby come over, yeah yeah, let's kick it
Time running out, yeah, it's tickin', yeah


Now I keep running it, now I keep running it, yeah yeah
I shit on your music, I fuck on your hoe, I know she 
The is ruined, the molly and tooly, oh oh, yeah yeah
Bitch, yeah I'm geekin', I'm up in the studio
These bitches go crazy when you give 'em Julio
I pop me a Tesla-cal but now I am coolio
, I'm so barbaric
I switch my flow, don't care
Rockin' that brand new Moncler
They said that I'm bad and they sad that they swervin'
But they bite like a shark in a tank with the fish
I swear to God that I'll really get rich
Young Hannah Montana, I sing on your bitch



I didn't know she would give it to me
I didn't know she'd forgive me
And I know that these kids mad as shit at me
And I told my mom I'm making history
All of y'all broke and y'all borrow a percent of me
Got in the money, five little mini me's
They biting the kid, they wanna be a mini-me
I'm with the smoke just like a chimney
They spelling my name wrong just like a spelling bee
I'm off the shrooms and this shit feeling heavenly
Told you I want you, told you I need you
Told you I want you, told you I need you
Told you I want you, yeah
That's the end of it--- Run that shit back! (Run that shit!)


Yeah, goat shit, uh, uh, uh
This that goat shit, yeah, this that goat shit
This that grab your hoe shit, this that fuck your throat shit
This that smoking dope with Off-White, lookin' like a Pope shit
Baaa, baaa, baa, wait, hold on, I'm speaking goat (Skrt, skrt, skrt)
We got the Louis so we 'bout to go
I just spent fifteen hundred on Balenci', my toes
We got hidden money, you don't know where it go
I been sippin' muddy, gotta get rid of this co'
I just dropped fifteen thousand, I bought me a new coat
